[Music]
hey dad
go get your tools i'll meet you in the
trunk
i'm looking for directions to shogum
hills he never heard them
what are you expecting to find here even
with a great fire people don't just
disappear
something else happened
what are you doing here we shouldn't be
here
i want them gone
why do you need private security for a
scientific expedition willing to keep it
safe
safe from what wait hold on one second
hearing something down there how was
that
turn it up listen to this
what is that this doesn't feel right
terry
did you hear that what was that thing
how long's this been open
we do security and protection work what
is it you protect
you they took my son
and i've been fighting him ever since
listen
what is that i hear something
no matter what you do don't let him grab
you
get me out of here go go
i got you
you